vv PLEASE READ!!!!! vv

Due to how extremely old this version of RAD is (~20 years old as of 2021), the video player built into the program will flicker while playing
a .bik file on modern operating systems like Windows 10. This may be resolved through running it in a virtual machine containing an older OS,
but this particular solution has yet to be thoroughly tested. The converter works perfectly fine, however, and videos made through it should work
in Red Faction properly.

This version of RAD Video Tools DOES NOT support and convert .mp4 files! You will need to use .avi and .mov format files when converting your
desired video. The full list of supported media can be found by clicking the "List of file types:" drop-down list in the main window. Please
make sure your desired video is in .avi or .mov first (convert them to those formats if they aren't already) before proceeding.

This release also cannot de-convert some .bik files made by newer versions of RAD, so be aware that .bik files from newer games will likely
require newer versions of RAD to be converted and read properly. This is primarily intended for Red Faction, so understand the tradeoffs of using
this release over modern iterations.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This zip file contains the installation file you will need to install RAD Video Tools Version 1.1b onto your system.

NOTE: This release is dated from June 18 of 2001, only 2.9 months before Red Faction's PC release. Newer versions of the program do not use the
audio codec supported by the game and .bik files created by them will not play any sound when used in RF, so you WILL NEED this specific version
to create new .bik files that can properly play audio in the game.

What is a .bik file?
It is a type of video format that can only be read by applications (notably games) with Bink Video Player integration.
Almost every game you've played has these files in them, as it is an extremely common tool used by developers to compress large videos and
cutscenes into smaller data for use in a variety of titles, including Red Faction. They can also be read by the RAD Video Tools, the very program
that creates those very files, and the very program contained in this zip. It can also turn .bik files back into other formats, too.
(see "PLEASE READ")

How do you create a .bik file for Red Faction?
Pretty simple, actually. Open up "RAD Video Tools" after installation, select a video file to convert when it appears on the file browser, click
"Bink it!", go through the accompanying converting options (if you desire to change a few things, be my guest), and select "Convert". Once you've
made your .bik file, go to your Red Faction install directory and go to "data/movies". There, you can replace an existing file of your choice and
rename your new file to the name of the file you swapped out (i.e. "newbikvideo.bik" to "thqlogo.bik") 

What do I do with the .bik files that are already there?
It is always advised that you keep a copy of any files you intend to alter or replace, and that goes true for vanilla .bik files that are in
the retail version of RF.

What do these weird buttons and boxes in the RAD Video Tools do?
There is a "Help" button present for each of the tools that will take you to the offical help site (Yes, it's actually still up!) for a better
explaination on what they do than I could hope to explain. The stocks settings of the converter should work well enough, though.

Happy Converting, Miners!